---
layout: base
title: Interests
permalink: /ss/
---
Skip to the content.
Interests
Class of 2025
Nighthawk PagesBlogsSearchAboutRPGReadmeInterestsSnake View on GitHub
Interests
My interests
My interests include gaming, going out with friends, and family. One game I enjoy is Dying Light.

Dying Light is a 2015 survival horror video game developed by Techland and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. The game’s story follows an undercover agent named Kyle Crane who is sent to infiltrate a quarantine zone in a fictional Middle Eastern city called Harran.

Another thing I enjoy is Fornite. Fornite is a free-to-play online first-person shooter video game developed by Epic. It was originally released as a pay-to-play game in 2013 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Windows.

My Family
My family consists of my Mom, my Dad, and my little sister. My sister goes to MRES. My parents are both 45 years old. We used to live with our grandparents but they moved away.

My fish is named trapjaw

THE ONE AND ONLY PLANTS VERSUS ZOMBIES: GARDEN WARFARE 2

PVZ:GW2 is a 2016 third-person shooter video game developed by PopCap Games and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for PlayStation 4, Windows, and Xbox One. It is the sequel to Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare and the fourth game in the Plants vs. Zombies franchise. I personally love this game because it was one of the first games I actually used to play a lot when I was younger. It was very fun, and i was very addicted

Amal_2025 is maintained by AmalJinan.
This page was generated by GitHub Pages.
